c:\users\hakan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SinemaOtomasyonu\SinemaOtomasyonuWinForm\bin\Debug\SinemaOtomasyonuWinForm.exe.config
c:\users\hakan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SinemaOtomasyonu\SinemaOtomasyonuWinForm\bin\Debug\SinemaOtomasyonuWinForm.exe
c:\users\hakan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SinemaOtomasyonu\SinemaOtomasyonuWinForm\bin\Debug\SinemaOtomasyonuWinForm.pdb
c:\users\hakan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SinemaOtomasyonu\SinemaOtomasyonuWinForm\bin\Debug\SinemaOtomasyonuORM.dll
c:\users\hakan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SinemaOtomasyonu\SinemaOtomasyonuWinForm\bin\Debug\SinemaOtomasyonuORM.pdb
c:\users\hakan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SinemaOtomasyonu\SinemaOtomasyonuWinForm\obj\Debug\SinemaOtomasyonuWinForm.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\hakan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SinemaOtomasyonu\SinemaOtomasyonuWinForm\obj\Debug\SinemaOtomasyonuWinForm.FilmEkleForm.resources
c:\users\hakan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SinemaOtomasyonu\SinemaOtomasyonuWinForm\obj\Debug\SinemaOtomasyonuWinForm.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\hakan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SinemaOtomasyonu\SinemaOtomasyonuWinForm\obj\Debug\SinemaOtomasyonuWinForm.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\hakan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SinemaOtomasyonu\SinemaOtomasyonuWinForm\obj\Debug\SinemaOtomasyonuWinForm.exe
c:\users\hakan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SinemaOtomasyonu\SinemaOtomasyonuWinForm\obj\Debug\SinemaOtomasyonuWinForm.pdb
c:\users\hakan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SinemaOtomasyonu\SinemaOtomasyonuWinForm\obj\Debug\SinemaOtomasyonuWinForm.SeansEkleForm.resources
c:\users\hakan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SinemaOtomasyonu\SinemaOtomasyonuWinForm\obj\Debug\SinemaOtomasyonuWinForm.SalonEkleForm.resources
c:\users\hakan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SinemaOtomasyonu\SinemaOtomasyonuWinForm\obj\Debug\SinemaOtomasyonuWinForm.SatisForm.resources
C:\Users\hakan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SinemaOtomasyonu\SinemaOtomasyonuWinForm\obj\Debug\SinemaOtomasyonuWinForm.FilmDuzenleForm.resources
C:\Users\hakan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SinemaOtomasyonu\SinemaOtomasyonuWinForm\obj\Debug\SinemaOtomasyonuWinForm.SalonDuzenleForm.resources
C:\Users\hakan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SinemaOtomasyonu\SinemaOtomasyonuWinForm\obj\Debug\SinemaOtomasyonuWinForm.SeansDuzenle.resources
C:\Users\hakan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SinemaOtomasyonu\SinemaOtomasyonuWinForm\obj\Debug\SinemaOtomasyonuWinForm.BiletFiyatForm.resources
C:\Users\hakan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SinemaOtomasyonu\SinemaOtomasyonuWinForm\obj\Debug\SinemaOtomasyonuWinForm.GirisForm.resources
C:\Users\hakan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SinemaOtomasyonu\SinemaOtomasyonuWinForm\obj\Debug\SinemaOtomasyonuWinForm.YoneticiDuzenleForm.resources
C:\Users\hakan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SinemaOtomasyonu\SinemaOtomasyonuWinForm\obj\Debug\SinemaOtomasyonuWinForm.MasterForm.resources
C:\Users\hakan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SinemaOtomasyonu\SinemaOtomasyonuWinForm\obj\Debug\SinemaOtomasyonuWinForm.SatisBiletSecimForm.resources
